[Music]
this is mama peach mana teach is my mom
and the internet she's in New York City
from Texas let's go fun let's go hop and
climb I think I can fit a full-size bed
and this tiny little apartment of mine
so that's a part a part of the mission
today we all tear this part my part
remember no apartment flora soon we're
just changing our thing up but Jeanne
has never been outside of like midtown
New York and so what you have is like
Soho Tribeca well yeah you've been with
a financial district but like downtown
New York is like a whole different piece
so you just we don't like get anything
down there or shop I think you just need
to see a so
[Music]
I cannot put into words how beautiful
the day is like 57° show it on here I
want to show her on Thank You Cooper's
like you care about Nike now so we down
here for floors
my goal in life to have an office in the
building like this the white and the
white fire escape and the aesthetics
guys all of the aesthetics so many
aesthetic one day one day your Mallory
Krieger
do you is just like you can just buy a
table and put a mattress on top I don't
think you know hurry okay okay gonna
hurt no that was your lips oh my gosh
no we're not on Outfitters and kind of
obsessed with these Nikes I didn't give
the shoes but trying on clothes now she
has some delicious big never awesome
cooking God I know how to show you the
cookie to play so if you like if you
haven't watched like five blocks back
Thursday play sighs Chuck cookie dough
like an ice cream cone
so Leo so here it is you may not enter
without it so this is the place that I
went to opening week a few weeks ago now
you have to grab a kicking come over
here and get is this insane line this is
the end of the line goes all the way
down the block and that is the dough
play I got it what it was right it was
my vlogs that made them
it's good guys but it it's it's not that
good
you
[Music]
quick update I have some blue bottles it
is the next day yesterday also fun
hanging out with my mom so I just
reported down here to Blue Bottle to
meet up with a youtuber and as a human
kite kind of runny Digital Rev YouTube
channel with another person walks for
forever so if you've ever looked at the
camera view or a camera lens you've
probably seen him online but recently
they kind of separated from that and
they have sort of their own things on
line that the drink now and so you can
hear echoes over the hang of them but on
the way down
I was on my boosted worms then someone
someone yelled likes Tara and he was
also on abusive words what is your name
introduce yourself in fact I make music
and I run space on it yeah that was like
the person you said you're like hi are
you Sarah I was very fond of it that's
my favorite so he just moved to the city
yeah like three days ago and rot welcome
to the city it's so crazy he runs the
Instagram just at face and it's an epic
epic account so you should go follow it
hey what's up Lauren wide both Chi and
luck are here they need to introduce
themselves and you probably know who
they are
hi I'm long hi hi I'm Jeremy dude you're
confusing them okay quick spec review
how are you feeling I like it alone yes
because you just you just have to keep
pressing uh-huh and you don't have to
pull your phone out doing this it
actually can
my fall they were just fun glove no has
the camera over there how are we oh
my god
so this is the West Side Highway I have
never seen it this busy before in my
life
so many people so sunny and beautiful
here they don't look great don't think
people like that like Drew
[Music]
here we go dialogue in action voices
good I can most discusses this way does
it make you nervous that you're flying
not your dress no I like to believe no
pressure at all no no crashing Michael
how do you feel about tie applying your
drone hard pumping but I just look
someone's taking their their wedding
pictures what a beautiful day to get
married it was so a bikini with these
dudes you need to go sub scribble to
lock oh you look so epic with the sunset
the linkle birthday yeah there's a lot
in kite okay we're going to have to turn
around here so they can see your
beautiful faces there we go we canvass
okay there we go so these guys are
legends if you're not subscribed so
already go subscribe so Kai got some
beautiful drone footage of his face
right yeah how much yeah so you need to
go watch that guys back at the hizzle
so fizzle with the gene is all
rearranged my entire room I don't even
know if they have a perspective even
what this room was before so you're
probably like Sara we don't care we
didn't even know what it looks like
before but everything has changed we
destroyed this apartment took everything
out of this back bedroom so I like two
rooms there's basically and it's a kind
of a mess too but you know this is like
the living room with the view hi Jeanne
changing in the plant and this is like
my room back here that used to be this
wonderful IKEA just used to be on this
side the bed used to be right there the
show view
to be oh my gosh here's no sassy genies
at least like step one for me hanging
back my sanity tomorrow I think I'm just
going to go out into the world and buy a
monitor a computer monitor because I'm
going crazy with just my laptop I'm so
used to having two screens and editing
with two screens and being able to put
email on one screen and like you know
something on the other screen so yeah I
think I'm just going to go do it
tomorrow I'm just going to do it junior
I'm just going to do it geniuses do it I
won't do it
today was so perfect the weather was
perfect the genie hangs were perfect and
hanging out with Kai and Locke amazing
amazing I hope you guys have the most
amazing week I will see you Wednesday
for a nother video let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below
if you have not yet and welcome to the
peachy fam if you're just now
subscribing and yeah I'll see you guys
in Wednesday video baby G okay bye
[Music]
okay just look really still chickens the
cost into the one we listen we really
can we film the wish
you